1.  How has your commitment to the Constitution and the founding principles of the United States inspired you to pursue this role within the Federal government? Provide a concrete example from professional, academic, or personal experience. (limit 1,200 characters)

I believe strongly in liberty and the pursuit of happiness and pursing a career in the fire service allows me to direct my efforts towards protecting life and property—an endeavor that protects the liberty of others to continue their own pursuit of happiness.

2.  In this role, how would you use your skills and experience to improve government efficiency and effectiveness? Provide specific examples where you improved processes, reduced costs, or improved outcomes. (limit 1,200 characters)

As an engineer by training, I spent several years studying how to reason from first principles—a skill I believe is vital in eliminating unnecessary bloat from processes. I have utilized my software engineering skills to automate countless cumbersome and inefficient routines. Namely, I worked as a freelance software engineer for several companies where I automated and improved the efficiency of their business procedures allowing them to reduce man hours, costs, and the duration it takes to complete the respective task.

3.  How would you help advance the President's Executive Orders and policy priorities in this role? Identify one or two relevant Executive Orders or policy initiatives that are significant to you, and explain how you would help implement them if hired. (limit 1,200 characters)

Executive order 14145 is significant to me because it demonstrates a commitment to aiding others in their pursuit of happiness—a core value of mine and the United States. A central tennent of the fire service is protecting life and property and in doing so, I would be protecting communities and enabling them to continue their own pursuit of happiness. This effort is congruent with the central mission of executive order 14145. Namely, the mission to help communities.

4. How has a strong work ethic contributed to your professional, academic or personal achievements? Provide one or two specific examples, and explain how those qualities would enable you to serve effectively in this position. (limit 1,200 characters)

A strong work ethic has allowed me to achieve a college degree and become successful as a wildland firefighter at an age that is a bit older than the rest of my peers. The knowledge I have received from my education and my strong tenacity will make me an effective public servant through the ability to reason effectively on difficult decisions and provide all of my effort even in adverse conditions, respectively.